In this exercise, you'll be creating a NAT gateway and associating it with a subnet.
In order to do that,
let's take a look at how you would create a NAT gateway.
NAT gateways ask you for a couple of options,.
The first is the subnet.
So you'll want to pick the subnet within
the new VPC that you just created, your public subnet.
The NAT gateway itself sits in a public subnet,
and then it has access to the Internet from there.
To pick your Elastic IP address,
you can allocate a new IP address,
or if you already have one in your account you can use that,
but this is the public address that the NAT gateway itself will use.
Once you have your NAT gateway,
you'll look at your routing tables,
and you'll look for the routing table that does not have
an explicit subnet association already.
The one that does have the subnet association is the one that's already in use.
We take a look at this routing table and then the routes within it.
We'll see that the only route is local route to the CDIR range of the VPC.
From here, we'll add another route,
and this second route will be your default route,
and it will point at the newly created NAT gateway